# Pwnery

- Initially didn't have a folder structure for quicker iteration and initial MVP proof of concept, but the codebase quickly grew and it became hard to navigate. Decided to split into layers (application/domains/infrastructure), where domains don't depend on the other two. This makes it easier to test (only need to test the layer that changed), easier to extend with new marketplaces/suppliers/infrastructure.
- Initially thought I should query the API for the market state to decide repricing based on competitors, as this was easier to implement, but quickly realised that I would hit API limits fast, so implemented an SQS message queue to react based on changes in competitor prices.
- Built an idempotent state machine for automatic ordering (with states such as 'uploading', 'uploaded', 'failed', etc. for each order), this prevents accidental ordering of the same item twice, if the app were to crash during processing.
- Also used a state machine for pricing, with the whole strategy focusing on securing the featured offer (a huge upgrade since the previous repricer couldn't do this), so intentionally lowering the price, and once getting the feature, trying to raise the price while still maintaining it. It also undercuts competitors.
- The app also reprices multi-quantity prices (previous repricer couldn't), since amazon only allows to upload 5 quantity tiers, I chose to hardcode them to 2,3,4,5,10 instead of trying to dynamically choose them based on the item. This is a huge time save and still works very well because these quantities are the most commonly bought.
- To quickly test the app I deployed to production, but put a block on editing listings (dry-run), this allowed me to find bugs quickly, and didn't need to write a lot of tests.
- To deploy to multiple marketplaces, I just start up a new worker for each marketplace. However, this required me to have an SQS queue for each worker, and one global notification ingestion queue, after which a lambda process directs the message to its designated marketplace. I feel like there is a cleaner solution than having an SQS queue for each worker, but until then I had only deployed on one marketplace, so there was an SQS consumer implemented, so I just reused that. Also, multiple order fulfillment workers is slightly suboptimal due to worker overhead, but once again, this was quicker to deploy.
- Using cloudwatch for logs, so my agent can easily scan them and quickly identify bugs.
- I have a hub/spoke structure for multi-marketplace stock ingestion, one worker fetches all the stock, then sends changed stock (delta) to the spoke workers, where they resolve the new cheapest price available for each item. For simplicity and quicker implementation, I'm just doing this delta passing in the local filesystem of the EC2 server, but something like an SQS queue would be better for scaling.

